Have you ever played a video game? Any interactive thing at all? Have you ever played at all? What is it? Some set of rules we follow to do what exactly? To exercise? To have fun?
	"fun" as in what? When it comes to human thought process there is a tendency to stick to what ever that has come before, when you look at history every generation had their own evils, things they fought against some ideas that were scary, your nationalist grandfather was born in a time when being that was "right" thing to do? So I guess we can't blame our forefathers that much Or can we? At what point human actions are against humanity itself?
I wonder if these questions can be answered? With data perhaps, to figure out a way to map the entireity of human thinking trends on some sort of visualization tool.
I wonder if it is possible to create a dynamic neural network, each cell is can object, which in of itself is a small neural network. and they fire signals to either support or oppress other objects. What I find interesting is the evolution of media and communication systems, the entire humanity seems to be on colliding path to be able to think together.
What are our values? This is for the internet generation, all of us apparently belong to a minusche of group, we have our own little online circle where we live.
Your laptop is an actual attatment to your digital existence. You are something out there, there is not some, but a bunch of hard drives, where there are your photos, your mails, some memories that are dear to you, and it is out there, and it is world that exists and you peer through it by this magical window, this window can be small and fit in your pockets and can be large enough to fill one wall of your home, and the whole goal of this window is to somehow attract you towards it, and this window is infact magical, for a lot of people they use this window to feed themselves, although a round about way of doing things, but hey this is the modern world, we solve simple problems with inherently insane solutions.
Sometimes you need to hit the brakes, you need to take a deep breath and just admire the actual chain of events that are happening. How many people you have interacted with? Even if you are an introvert you probably have people hang out with you online, maybe for work purposes, for fun, maybe just light chats, there is 